RHOSP bare metal worker support - OSDOCS-1276 (#25167)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/machineset-osp-adding-bare-metal.adoc

// TODO
// Mothballed
// Reintroduce when feature is available. 
You can add bare-metal compute machines to an {product-title} cluster after you deploy it
on {rh-openstack-first}. In this configuration, all machines are attached to an
existing, installer-provisioned network, and traffic between control plane and
compute machines is routed between subnets.

[NOTE]
====
Bare-metal compute machines are not supported on clusters that use Kuryr.
====

.Prerequisites

* The {rh-openstack} link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.1/html/bare_metal_provisioning/index[Bare Metal service (Ironic)] is enabled and accessible by using the {rh-openstack} Compute API.

* Bare metal is available as link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.1/html/bare_metal_provisioning/sect-configure#creating_the_bare_metal_flavor[an {rh-openstack} flavor].

* You deployed a {product-title} cluster on installer-provisioned infrastructure.

* Your {rh-openstack} cloud provider is configured to route traffic between the installer-created VM
subnet and the pre-existing bare metal subnet.

.Procedure

> //FIXME Sample should be replaced w/updated one.

Author: ```suggestion
```

You can add bare-metal compute machines to an {product-title} cluster after you deploy it
on {rh-openstack-first}. In this configuration, all machines are attached to an
existing, installer-provisioned network, and traffic between control plane and
compute machines is routed between subnets.

[NOTE]
====
Bare-metal compute machines are not supported on clusters that use Kuryr.
====

.Prerequisites

* The {rh-openstack} link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.1/html/bare_metal_provisioning/index[Bare Metal service (Ironic)] is enabled and accessible by using the {rh-openstack} Compute API.

* Bare metal is available as link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.1/html/bare_metal_provisioning/sect-configure#creating_the_bare_metal_flavor[an {rh-openstack} flavor].

* You deployed a {product-title} cluster on installer-provisioned infrastructure.

* Your {rh-openstack} cloud provider is configured to route traffic between the installer-created VM
subnet and the pre-existing bare metal subnet.

.Procedure
. Create a file called `baremetalMachineSet.yaml`, and then add the bare metal flavor to it:
+

> .A sample bare metal MachineSet file

Author: ```suggestion
FIXME: May require update before publication.
.A sample bare metal MachineSet file
```

[id="machineset-osp-adding-bare-metal_{context}"]

> = Deploying a cluster that uses bare-metal compute machines on installer-provisioned infrastructure

Author: ```suggestion
= Adding bare-metal compute machines to a {rh-openstack} cluster
```
